horse animal easy
snake animal easy
frog animal easy
sheep animal easy
whale animal easy
lion animal easy
tiger animal easy
panda animal easy
rabbit animal easy
chicken animal easy
hamster animal medium
sloth animal medium
elk animal medium
squirrel animal medium
buffalo animal medium
parrot animal medium
cattle animal medium
donkey animal medium
hedgehog animal medium
kangeroo animal medium
badger animal medium
blobfish animal hard
axolotl animal hard
meerkat animal hard
narwhal animal hard
platypus animal hard
rhinoceros animal hard
antelope animal hard
chameleon animal hard
baboon animal hard
apple fruit easy
banana fruit easy
pear fruit easy
grape fruit easy
lemon fruit easy
kiwi fruit easy
peach fruit easy
orange fruit easy
mango fruit easy
avocado fruit medium
coconut fruit medium
watermelon fruit medium
pineapple fruit medium
strawberry fruit medium
blueberry fruit medium
raspberry fruit medium
cranberry fruit medium
mandarin fruit medium
tangerine fruit medium
durian fruit medium
pomegranate fruit hard
fig fruit hard
apricot fruit hard
persimmon fruit hard
mulberry fruit hard
guava fruit hard
dragonfruit fruit hard
kumquat fruit hard
starfruit fruit hard
passionfruit fruit hard
china country easy
spain country easy
japan country easy
korea country easy
canada country easy
mexico country easy
india country easy
peru country easy
italy country easy
brazil country easy
switzerland country medium
malaysia country medium
indonesia country medium
ecuador country medium
philippine country medium
denmark country medium
finland country medium
ireland country medium
norway country medium
poland country medium
netherland country medium
uruguay country hard
venezuela country hard
lebanon country hard
uzbekistan country hard
kyrgyzstan country hard
slovakia country hard
estonia country hard
luxembourg country hard
ethiopia country hard
corn vegetable easy
broccoli vegetable easy
carrot vegetable easy
cucumber vegetable easy
potato vegetable easy
garlic vegetable easy
ginger vegetable easy
radish vegetable easy
pea vegetable easy
onion vegetable easy
bellpepper vegetable easy
cauliflower vegetable medium
turnip vegetable medium
mushroom vegetable medium
spinach vegetable medium
pumpkin vegetable medium
celery vegetable medium
eggplant vegetable medium
cabbage vegetable medium
lettuce vegetable medium
artichoke vegetable hard
asparagus vegetable hard
okra vegetable hard
beetroot vegetable hard
bokchoy vegetable hard
coriander vegetable hard
zucchini vegetable hard
parsnip vegetable hard
peppermint vegetable hard
cilantro vegetable hard
black color easy
white color easy
brown color easy
yellow color easy
red color easy
orange color easy
green color easy
pink color easy
purple color easy
blue color easy
olive color medium
sage color medium
plum color medium
magenta color medium
cyan color medium
maroon color medium
navy color medium
gray color medium
indigo color medium
aquamarine color hard
ivory color hard
amber color hard
lilac color hard
mint color hard
teal color hard
lavender color hard
azure color hard
coral color hard
tan color hard
beige color hard